# Mutoh VJ-1204 _ VJ-1304 _ VJ-1604 _ VJ-1604W _ VJ-

Mutoh VJ-1204 / VJ-1304 / VJ-1604 / VJ-1604W / VJ-1608Printhead(DX5) - DF-49684
This printhead is suitable for the Mutoh ValueJet printer series. It has a native resolution of 1440dpi, 8 nozzle lines (corresponding with 8 independent ink channels) and 180 nozzles per line.
This printhead is either used in 4-colours (2 channels per colour) and has a minimum, variable droplet size of 1.5 pico litre (max. droplet size is 21 pico litre). The typical firing frequency for thisPrint Headis 8 kHz.
It is a new generation printhead that allows fast speed, high resolution printing with eco-solvent and mild solvent inks.
To be used with:VJ-1204, VJ-1304, VJ-1604, VJ-1604W, VJ-1608, VJ-1614.
Remarks:Original
Part no.: DF-49684

Specifications:

Model	PRH-MUT-002
Technology	Micro-Piezo
Native resolution	1440 dpi
Min. Droplet Size	1.5 pico litre
Max. Droplet Size	21 pico litre
Tot. Amount of Nozzles	1440 (8 lines x 180 nozzles)
Firing Frequency	8 kHz
Ink Compatibility	eco-solvent and mild solvent


Attention:
1. The printhead is required to be installed by professional persons.
2. Due to the nature of Printer Partsand the many factors that go into installing them, we do not accept returns or give refunds on electronic or service parts. Once the package is delivered, it is the customer's responsibility to check the package for damage. If there is any visible damage on the package, please refuse the shipment and call us at +86 13631292010 or send email to qilifirm@gmail.com.
3. Please seriously pay attention on information of printhead model while purchasing from us. Once received your item, please inspect if the printhead matches up with the model you required.If you have any problems, it is very important that contact us as soon as possible beforeinstalling it onto machine. Please be aware that we don't accept any return and refund once the printhead is installed on the machine.



